Valentina Casola 
Prof. Casola has been my professor and thesis advisor for my master's thesis. Thanks to her I was able
to commence my internship at Montimage. She is very determined in pursuing her goals and willing to put herself in
discussion in order to understand what are her mistakes. I remained astonished by her ability to manage different things
concurrently, from projects to lectures, from students to professors. She is very meticulous, she does not leave
anything to the chance and works really hard to pursue that aim. She is very inspiring. It has been a pleasure to
collaborate with her.

Wissam Mallouli 
Wissam has been my manager during the internship at Montimage. He is an incredible manager. I remained
astonished by his ability to manage several projects at the same time with great attention and preciseness. At the same
time, he pushes his colleagues to go over their boundaries, do better every day. He doesn’t see problems, but only
alternative paths to reach a solution. He is very inspiring. It has been an honor working for him.

Diego Rivera 
Diego has been my mentor during my internship at Montimage. He taught me a lot, both professionally and
personally. He is a very talented guy, very curious about always concerns the world of computer science, in particular,
the Linux Kernel. He is always willing to share his knowledge and always giving tips. I worked with him once he was WP4
leader of ANASTACIA project, which he managed very precisely. Thanks to him, I learned how to organise deliverable
writing and to make presentations. 

Alessandra De Benedictis 
Alessandra has been my advisor for my master's thesis. I admired her ability to inspect each detail in the dissertation,
from the grammar to the figures themselves. Once she realises there is something to change, she is always ready to
suggest solutions, even very practical. Although she did not know exactly each detail of my project, she asked me the
right questions which let her understand better the topic. She is the kind of person one can go for suggestions like I
did when I was her student, she would be always keen to help.

Simon Pietro Romano 
Prof. Romano has been a great mentor. He cares a lot about his students, always willing to give them
suggestions regarding both the academic and the professional fields. I remained astonished by his ability to motivate
students to push hard and pursue their objectives. I admit he has been a source of great inspiration. 

Mario Barbareschi 
Mario has been my lecturer during various courses throughout my master's studies. Conversing with him
was always illuminating given his vast knowledge of security and embedded systems. He is one of the most curious persons
I have never met and I always enjoyed his anecdotes regarding hardware vulnerabilities. He is very passionate about his
job and is always willing to help students, supporting them whenever he could. 

Andrea Scognamiglio 
Andrea and I collaborated for several projects during the university. He was the one in the team who
always asked the right questions, indicating his broader vision. I also remember his preciseness, he does not leave
anything to the chance and works really hard to pursue that aim. However, he is also flexible enough to complete the
work within the established time. He is always open to discussion and a good team player. I must say it has been a
pleasure working with him.

Stefano Sorrentino 
Stefano and I collaborated for several projects during the university. He is a very smart and
talented person. Stefano was the one who always understood things quicker than anyone else in the team. I admired his
ability to not discourage in front of the difficulties and reach a solution respecting the deadlines. 

Cristian Tommasino 
Cristian and I collaborated for several projects during the university. Once he has been assigned a
task, he is very determined in completing it within the established time. Christian is the person who does not stop in
doing the simple task, he constantly aims to improve and explore new solutions to a particular problem. He is very kind
and a great team member. It has been a pleasure working with him.

Erasmo la Montagna

Pasquale Tremante

Roberto Riccio 
I met Roberto when he was working in London. For Roberto, cooking is not just a job but something more
important, that is why he puts a lot of passion in each dish he prepares. I remained astonished by his ability to invent
a great plate with ingredients I have given him just a couple of minutes earlier. He is always willing to share his
knowledge with others, comprising people who are not expert in the sector. He is very inspiring. I would warmly
recommend him.